EXCUSE ME, FOLKS.
THIS IS A...
CLOSED SET. WE KNOW.
BUT WE'RE FRIENDS
WITH THE MONKEY.
GOOD MORNING.
HI, PAL. LOOK
WHO I BROUGHT.
IT'S YOUR OLD FRIEND,
HARRY ELEPHANTAY.
WHOA, DUDE.
BURN.
I DON'T GET IT.
HE SEEMED HAPPY
TO SEE ME YESTERDAY.
DON'T TAKE IT PERSONAL.
HE'S UNDER A LOT OF PRESSURE,
STARRING IN A MOVIE...
HOW BIG A STAR IS MARCEL?
IN HUMAN TERMS?
I'D SAY... CYBILL SHEPHERD.
WHOA!
REALLY?
SO, YOU GUYS
IN THE MOVIE
OR ARE YOU JUST
REALLY PARANOID?
HEY, SAL,
JERRY WANTS TO KNOW
IF THE MONKEY'S READY
FOR THE SUBWAY STUNT.
JERRY IS THE DIRECTOR?
WHICH ONE'S HE?
THE ONE IN THE
DIRECTOR'S CHAIR.
GOTCHA.
PHEEBS, WALK WITH ME.
OKAY.
HOW COME
I'M WALKING WITH YOU?
WELL, WE'RE JUST
GOING OVER HERE
SO THAT WE CAN
GET AWAY FROM
THE HORRIBLE
FLESH-EATING VIRUS!
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD,
WOMAN, LISTEN TO ME!
IS HE LOOKING?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
WE'VE GOT A PROBLEM.
HI. TELL ME.
I CAN'T DO
CHRISSIE'S MAKEUP.
SHE REFUSES TO ACKNOWLEDGE
SHE HAS A MOUSTACHE.
IS IT BAD?
IT'S LIKE AN EYEBROW FELL.
GOT IT.
UNLESS I BLEACH IT
JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAMME WILL
BE MAKING OUT WITH GABE KAPLAN.
I'LL TALK TO HER.
I HATE ACTORS.
NICE CAMOUFLAGE, MAN.
FOR A MINUTE THERE,
I ALMOST DIDN'T SEE YOU.
EXCUSE ME.
WHOO!
UH... IS YOUR
NAME CHANDLER?
UH... YES. YES, IT IS.
CHANDLER BING?
DO YOU KNOW ME
OR ARE YOU JUST REALLY
GOOD AT THIS GAME?
I'M SUSIE MOSS.
FOURTH GRADE. GLASSES.
CARRIED A BOX
OF ANIMAL CRACKERS
LIKE A PURSE.
SUSIE MOSS.
RIGHT. YEAH. WOW!
YOU LOOK...
GREAT JOB GROWING UP.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE NOT STILL
WEARING THAT DENIM CAP
WITH THE MIRRORS ON IT.
WELL, I GRADUATED
FOURTH GRADE
AND REALIZED
I WASN'T A PIMP.
REMEMBER THE CLASS PLAY?
YOU PULLED UP MY SKIRT
AND THE ENTIRE AUDITORIUM
SAW MY UNDERPANTS?
YES. BACK THEN,
I, UH...
USED HUMOR AS
A DEFENSE MECHANISM.
THANK GOD, I DON'T
DO THAT ANYMORE.
OH, MY GOD. OH, MY GOD.
IT'S JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAMME.
HE'S SO HOT!
YOU THINK?
"THE MUSCLES FROM BRUSSELS"?
"WHAM-BAM VAN DAMME"?
DID YOU SEE TIMECOP?
NO. WAS HE GOOD IN IT?
RACHEL, HE, LIKE,
TOTALLY CHANGED TIME.
WOW! SO WHY DON'T YOU
GO TALK TO HIM?
YEAH!
TELL HIM HE'S CUTE.
WHAT'S THE WORST
THAT COULD HAPPEN?
HE COULD HEAR ME.
OH, COME ON, MONICA.
I'M DOING IT FOR YOU.
RACHEL, DON'T YOU DARE.
DON'T! DON'T!
TELL HIM I COOK!
HI.
THIS IS GOING
TO SOUND KIND OF GOOFY
BUT MY FRIEND
OVER THERE--
WHO COOKS, BY THE WAY--
UM... SHE THINKS YOU'RE CUTE.
YOU DON'T
THINK I'M CUTE?
I DON'T KNOW.
DO YOU THINK YOU'RE CUTE?
WE'RE GETTING
OFF THE TRACK HERE.
I WAS SUPPOSED
TO COME HERE AND TELL YOU
MY FRIEND
THINKS YOU'RE CUTE.
WHAT SHOULD I TELL HER?
YOU CAN TELL HER
I THINK
HER FRIEND IS CUTE.
WHOA!
Man:
MAKEUP ON SET!
OH, THAT'S ME.
OH. UH... OKAY.
HOW MANY TIMES
DO I HAVE TO TOUCH YOUR ARM
BEFORE YOU ASK ME
ON A DATE?
WELL, LET'S
TRY ONE MORE.
THERE YOU GO.
SAY ERNIE'S, 8:00?
I'LL BE THERE. AND WHO KNOWS?
IF THINGS GO WELL,
MAYBE THIS TIME
I'LL GET TO SEE
YOUR UNDERWEAR.
AND NO ONE WAS AROUND
TO HEAR THAT?
SO WHAT DID HE SAY?
UCCH! WHAT A JERK!
I KEPT TALKING ABOUT YOU
AND HE KEPT
ASKING ME OUT.
OH.
I MEAN, NATURALLY
YOU KNOW, I SAID NO.
WELL, THANKS, ANYWAY.
HE JUST KEPT ASKING...
ASKING, ASKING,
ASKING...
RACHEL, IF YOU WANT
TO GO OUT WITH HIM, YOU CAN.
HE SOUNDS
LIKE A BIG JERK
BUT IF YOU WANT...
JEAN-CLAUDE,
SHE SAID YES!
I'LL SEE YOU
TONIGHT!
THANK YOU.
THEN JEAN-CLAUDE TOOK ME
TO THAT PLACE CROSSROADS
AND THAT'S WHERE
WE HUNG OUT
WITH DREW BARRYMORE.
OH, MAN,
SHE'S SO SMOKING!
SHE'S GOT
THE GREATEST SET OF...
NO GUYS AROUND, HUH?
DOES ANYBODY
NEED ANYTHING?
I'LL HAVE
AN ESPRESSO.
ACTUALLY, I'LL GET IT.
IF I ASK YOU TO
YOU'LL PROBABLY END UP
DRINKING IT
YOURSELF.
THAT IS SO UNFAIR.
LIKE YOU WOULD
DRINK HER COFFEE
AFTER WHAT YOU DID TO HER
WITH VAN DAMME.
JOEY, I HAVE TO CANCEL
RACQUETBALL FOR TONIGHT.
THAT WAS
MARCEL'S TRAINER.
I CAN HAVE HIM
FOR A COUPLE OF HOURS.
YOU'RE BLOWING ME OFF
FOR A MONKEY?
WE CAN RESCHEDULE FOR SATURDAY.
YEAH. UNLESS YOU HOOK UP
WITH A BUNCH OF PIGEONS.
HEY, STICK A FORK IN ME.
I AM DONE.
STICK A FORK WHAT?
LIKE WHEN YOU'RE
COOKING A STEAK.
OH. OKAY. I DON'T EAT MEAT.
WELL, THEN, HOW DO YOU KNOW
WHEN VEGETABLES ARE DONE?
YOU DON'T. YOU JUST EAT THEM
AND YOU CAN TELL.
THEN EAT ME. I'M DONE.
I'VE MET
THE PERFECT WOMAN.
WE'RE SITTING
ON HER COUCH
WE'RE FOOLING AROUND
AND THEN, SUDDENLY,
SHE SAYS
"YOU EVER WANT TO
DO IT IN AN ELEVATOR?"
WOW!
HEY!
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I BELIEVE MY EXACT WORDS
WERE ( speaking gibberish )
HOW DO YOU KNOW
IF YOU WANT TO DO IT
ON AN ELEVATOR?
YOU JUST KNOW.
WE GOT TO GO.
WE GOT A RESERVATION
IN 30 MINUTES.
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
SEE, WHAT I HAD PLANNED
SHOULDN'T TAKE MORE
THAN THREE MINUTES, TOPS.
HMM... 200 SECONDS
OF PASSION.
WE GOT TO GO.
BUT...
UM...
HERE'S AN IDEA.
HAVE YOU EVER WORN
WOMEN'S UNDERWEAR?
WELL, YES, ACTUALLY.
BUT THEY WERE
MY AUNT EDNA'S...
AND THERE WERE
THREE OF US IN THERE.
WELL, I WAS THINKING
IT WOULD BE KIND OF SEXY
IF YOU WORE MINE
TONIGHT AT DINNER.
YOU WANT ME
TO WEAR YOUR PANTIES?
COULD YOU?
WELL, IF I WAS WEARING
YOUR UNDERWEAR
THEN WHAT WOULD
YOU BE WEARING?
YOU'RE SWELL.
CHECK IT OUT.
I MADE MARCEL'S
FAVORITE DISH-- BANANA CAKE
WITH MEALWORMS.
OHH!
CANDLES.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
IS GOING TO HAPPEN
HERE TONIGHT?
( phone rings )
HELLO.
OH, HI. ARE YOU
ON YOUR WAY OVER?
OH.
NO, NO, NO. I UNDERSTAND.
A MONKEY'S GOT TO WORK.
NO, IT'S NO
BIG DEAL.
IT'S NOT LIKE
I HAD ANYTHING SPECIAL PLANNED.
YOU KNOW.
YEAH. OKAY.
OKAY. OKAY, BYE.
OKAY, RACHEL, WHY DON'T
YOU START TALKING FIRST?
ALL RIGHT.
I FEEL THAT THIS IS
TOTALLY UNJUSTIFIED.
SHE GAVE ME
THE GREEN LIGHT.
I DID NOTHING...
DO YOU THINK
I CAN'T SEE YOU
IN THE TV SET?
MONICA, IF THERE IS SOMETHING
THAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO SHARE...
YOU HAD NO RIGHT
TO DATE HIM.
THAT IS THE MOST
RIDICULOUS...
YOU SOLD ME OUT!
I DID NOT!
YES, YOU DID!
WOULD YOU
LET ME TALK?!
DID YOU JUST FLICK ME?
OKAY, WELL,
YOU WOULDN'T
LET ME FINISH.
AND I...
WAS JUST...
OWW! THAT...
HURT!
QUIT FLICKING!
OW! YOU STOP FLICKING!
YOU FLICKED ME FIRST!
OW! STOP IT!
OW!
OH! ALL RIGHT. OKAY.
LET'S NOT DO THIS!
STAY CALM!
HAPPY THOUGHTS!
COME ON, PEOPLE!
( screaming and yelling )
OKAY, NOW I'M GOING
TO KICK SOME ASS!
OW!
OW! OW! OW!
ALL RIGHT.
NOW, I WILL LET GO
IF YOU BOTH STOP.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO STOP SEEING HIM?
UH-HUH.
YOU WANT ME
TO JUST CALL HIM UP
AND TELL HIM YOU'RE
SEEING HIM INSTEAD?
OKAY.
OH, THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT?
YES.
FINE.
THERE WE GO.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF WE WERE IN PRISON
YOU GUYS WOULD BE,
LIKE, MY BITCHES.
THANKS FOR LETTING ME
TAG ALONG.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
HOW YOU DOING
THERE, SQUIRMY?
I'M HANGING IN...
AND A LITTLE OUT.
SO, ASSISTANT
TO THE DIRECTOR.
THAT'S A REALLY
EXCITING JOB.
YOU MUST HAVE A TON
OF COOL RESPONSIBILITY.
I HAVE NOTHING
TO DO WITH CASTING.
SO WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
GOING TO EAT?
HOW COME ALL
I CAN THINK ABOUT
IS PUTTING THAT
ICE IN MY MOUTH
AND LICKING YOU
ALL OVER?
BECAUSE I WENT
TO AN ALL-BOYS HIGH SCHOOL
AND GOD IS MAKING UP FOR IT?
I WANT YOU RIGHT
HERE, RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW, RIGHT HERE?
DON'T YOU THINK WE'RE IN
KIND OF A PUBLIC PLACE?
THEY DO HAVE THE SHRIMP.
MEET ME IN THE BATHROOM.
I'M GOING TO THE BATHROOM NOW.
COME ON.
ALL RIGHT, MISTER,
LET'S SEE THOSE PANTIES.
ALL RIGHTY.
OOH, OOH, BUT YOU KNOW
WHAT WOULD BE EVEN SEXIER?
WHAT?
IF YOU DIDN'T HAVE
YOUR SHIRT TUCKED INTO THEM.
OH.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW, I WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU
WEARING NOTHING BUT THEM.
TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF.
OKAY, BUT I HOPE
YOU REALIZE
THIS MEANS WE'RE
GOING TO MISS
HEARING ABOUT
THE SPECIALS.
COME ON. HURRY, HURRY.
HEY, DO YOU WANT
THIS DONE QUICK
OR DO YOU WANT IT
DONE RIGHT?
ALL RIGHT NOW,
TURN AROUND.
I WANT TO SEE YOU
FROM BEHIND.
OKAY.
SOMEBODY'S BEEN DOING
HIS BUNS OF STEEL VIDEO.
SAY, YOU WANT ME
TO CLENCH ANYTHING, OR..?
SUSIE?
SUSIE!
THIS... IS FOR THE FOURTH GRADE.
HUH? WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT DO I MEAN?!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
"WHAT DO I MEAN"?
I MEAN UNDERPANTS, MISTER.
THAT'S WHAT I MEAN.
WHAT? WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
MY SKIRT!
YOU LIFTED, KIDS LAUGHING.
I WAS "SUSIE UNDERPANTS"
TILL I WAS 18.
THAT WAS IN THE FOURTH GRADE!
HOW CAN YOU
STILL BE UPSET ABOUT THAT?
WELL, UM... WHY DON'T YOU
CALL ME IN 20 YEARS
AND TELL ME IF YOU'RE
STILL UPSET ABOUT THIS.
ALL RIGHT. I HOPE YOU REALIZE
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
THESE UNDERPANTS BACK!
I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS.
JUST LIKE, TWO WEEKS AGO,
I WAS WATCHING SUDDEN DEATH
AND NOW I'M ON A DATE
WITH JEAN-CLAUDE VAN DAMME.
CAN YOU BEAT UP THAT GUY?
YEAH.
CAN YOU BEAT UP
THAT GUY?
SURE.
THIS IS SO WILD.
YOU KNOW, I GOT TO ADMIT,
I WAS KIND OF SURPRISED
THAT YOU AGREED TO GO
ON A BLIND DATE.
NORMALLY, I WOULD NOT DO IT.
YEAH?
WELL, WHAT MADE YOU MAKE
THE EXCEPTION FOR ME?
BECAUSE RACHEL TOLD ME
YOU WERE DYING
TO HAVE A THREESOME
WITH ME AND DREW BARRYMORE.
OH, BY THE WAY
DREW HAS SOME
GROUND RULES, AND, UH...
SAY YOU'RE SORRY!
NO!
NO! NO! I'M NOT!
SAY IT! SAY IT!
GREAT.
RACHEL...
YOU SAY YOU'RE SORRY,
OR YOUR SWEATER GETS IT.
OKAY, OKAY.
THAT IS MY FAVORITE SWEATER.
THAT IS MY THIRD DATE SWEATER.
SAY YOU'RE SORRY.
OKAY. YOU WANT TO PLAY?
OKAY. LET'S PLAY.
LET'S PLAY.
WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO?
YOU GIVE ME BACK MY SWEATER
OR IT'S HANDBAG MARINARA.
YOU DON'T HAVE THE GUTS.
OH, YEAH? WELL, AT LEAST
I WASN'T TOO CHICKEN
TO TELL SOME GUY
I THOUGHT HE WAS CUTE.
( gasps )
OH!
OH!!
( both yelling in frustration )
OH, ALL RIGHT.
STOP! STOP THE MADNESS!
THIS IS CRAZY.
WHO CAN EVEN REMEMBER
WHY YOU STARTED FIGHTING
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
( both shouting about
Jean-Claude Van Damme )
YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT STILL...
LOOK AT YOUR PURSE.
LOOK AT YOUR SWEATER.
LOOK AT YOURSELVES.
I'LL HELP YOU FIX YOUR SWEATER.
I'LL HELP YOU...
THROW OUT YOUR PURSE.
I'M SORRY THAT I MADE
YOU STOP SEEING HIM.
I'M SORRY I WENT OUT WITH HIM
WHEN I KNEW YOU LIKED HIM.
I'M SORRY THAT I BORROWED
YOUR GLOVES.
( clearing throat )
( whistling "Buffalo Gals" )
( whistles next line )
JOEY?
MA?
JOEY!
CHANDLER? WHAT ARE YOU
STILL DOING HERE?
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS TOOK OFF.
OH, NO, NO.
SHE TOOK OFF...
WITH MY CLOTHES!
ARE YOU NAKED IN THERE?
WELL, NOT EXACTLY.
I'M WEARING PANTIES.
HUH.
YOU, UH... YOU
ALWAYS WEAR PANTIES?
NO, NO. THIS IS
THE FIRST TIME.
WOW, TALK ABOUT YOUR BAD LUCK.
I MEAN, THE FIRST TIME
YOU TRY PANTIES
AND SOMEONE WALKS OFF
WITH YOUR CLOTHES.
I WAS NOT TRYING THEM OUT.
SUSIE ASKED ME TO WEAR THEM.
WELL, LET ME SEE.
NO. I'M NOT LETTING YOU
OR ANYBODY ELSE SEE EVER.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
WHOA.
SOMEONE'S FLOSSING.
JOEY, SOME PEOPLE
DON'T LIKE THAT.
♪ CHANDLER'S
WEARING PANTIES. ♪
WHAT?
LET ME SEE.
NO, NO. YOU DON'T
HAVE TO SEE.
HI, TUSHIE.
ALL RIGHT. ONE OF YOU
GIVE ME YOUR UNDERPANTS.
OH, NO.
CAN'T HELP YOU.
I'M NOT WEARING ANY.
HOW CAN YOU NOT BE WEARING
ANY UNDERWEAR?
I'M GETTING
HEAT FROM THE GUY
IN THE HOT
PINK THONG.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
ROSS, I'LL GIVE YOU $50
FOR YOUR UNDERPANTS.
HEY.
( clearing throat )
HEY, PHEEBS, CAN I HAVE
THE MILK AFTER YOU?
I'M ALMOST DONE.
KEEP YOUR PANTIES ON.
HEY, HEY.
AND I'M IN THE MOVIE.
WHAT? WHAT HAPPENED?
ONE OF THE VIRUS VICTIMS CALLED
IN SICK, SO CATHY RECOMMENDED ME
AND, BOOM!
I'M DYING ON A GURNEY.
HEY!
OH, ROSS
MARCEL JUST FINISHED
HIS LAST SCENE
IF YOU WANT TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
UH... NO, THAT'S OKAY.
HE'S PROBABLY GOT PARTIES
TO GO TO AND STUFF.
YOU KNOW...
HE'S MOVED ON.
HEY, THAT'S THE WAY IT GOES,
RIGHT?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, I THINK I WANT
TO WRITE A SONG ABOUT ALL THIS.
OH, YEAH?
YEAH. OOH, EXCEPT ONE
OF THE STRINGS
ON MY GUITAR IS BROKEN.
HEY, CHANDLER,
CAN I BORROW YOUR G-STRING?
HOW LONG YOU BEEN
WAITING TO SAY THAT?
ABOUT 20 MINUTES.
CAN'T YOU SEE
THIS MAN IS DYING?
( groaning )
Director:
CUT!
CAN'T YOU SEE
THIS MAN IS DYING?
( groaning louder )
Director:
CUT!
CAN'T YOU SEE
THIS MAN IS DYING!
( groaning ):
MOMMY!
OH!
CAN'T YOU SEE
THIS MAN IS DEAD?